Add note that the integration is broken and not likely to be reliable (#29625)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/myq.markdown

ha_dhcp: true
ha_integration_type: integration
---

> ## This integration is broken and unlikely to ever be reliable. Chamberlain / LiftMaster / MyQ is hostile to 3rd party use of their API. Consider using a different brand if you want a garage door opener that works with HomeAssistant.

Author: ```suggestion
## This integration is broken and unlikely to ever be reliable. Chamberlain / LiftMaster / MyQ is hostile to 3rd party use of their API. Consider using a different brand if you want a garage door opener that works with Home Assistant.
```

> ## This integration is broken and unlikely to ever be reliable. Chamberlain / LiftMaster / MyQ is hostile to 3rd party use of their API. Consider using a different brand if you want a garage door opener that works with Home Assistant.

Reviewer: There are better places for these things. We have alerts available if that is needed and are considering at this point.

Please track the issue tracker for status updates.

Thanks! 👍 

../Frenck

Author: The availability of the integration is misleading and will result in people buying a product that actually does not work with the expectation that it does work. A warning should be added for sure.

Reviewer: Thanks @lewisdiamond, however, see my previous answer, thanks 👍
